## Biography
As of May 11th, 2025, Noli's existence has been explained by former Roblox Moderator and veteran "Merely". This occurred in a Twitter exchange between the Roblox Twitter account "Dynabroth" and Merely, where Merely questioned if the Noli myth came from the glitched username which he had, and explained he was the one to fix the error.[1] This seemingly explains the non-existent state of Noli's account, despite being in the user database.

Early Interpretations
Due to the fact that Noli's existence remained a mystery for 15 years, many interpretations for what he was or what caused him arose in the Roblox community. This section will contain many of those initial interpretations.

One of the first ideas, posted on the initial forum post about Noli, was created by "chowda00", creator of Lost Void, and was that Noli was the "fifth sequence" of 1x. He discussed a group of hackers, created by 1x1x1x1, and featuring users such as Dignity, two unnamed users and lastly Noli. He called Noli "The destructor" and stated he was going to hack Roblox and "totally destroy everything". This is possibly the initial source of Noli being a hacker on Roblox. Later on, this idea would evolve into being about "The Lost Voids", which was the same idea but with 10 hackers instead of 5. This idea was likely the basis for the creation of Lost Void, which was one of the first Noli related projects on Roblox in the early 2010s. This idea was also later carried on by the cult group Bloody Void.

Some of the more logical explanations which arose were that the account was terminated by Roblox, but somehow remained on the site in a glitched state. This was argued against by other users, who stated that all accounts, even those who are permanently terminated, have some sort of data left on Roblox, which Noli doesn't. Others stated that the account was a test account, or that the account was created while Roblox was under maintenance, thus explaining the glitched state of the account.

There is also the idea that Noli is somehow paranormal, with one idea stating that Noli was the ghost of an ex-employee at Roblox, although this interpretation never gained much popularity.

## Kazdam's Interpretation
"[9/5/2007] - After the “Mysterious Object” event on Roblox had ended, the Void Star was released to the public. Noli had gotten the first Void Star and is reported to display weird behavior shortly after. His physical appearance was a big part - anything he stood on would emit an odd aura, corrupt anything he stood on, shut games down, hack into accounts, and edit the site.

[9/10/2007] - Shortly after the incident and his termination, Noli re-appeared. He started to hack into accounts that had the Void Star and stole them. Once again, Noli terrorized the site, even shutting down Roblox’s games and stealing accounts. Mods were unable to ban him for over two weeks, chaos still ensuing. When mods were questioned about this period, they refused to speak.

[9/5/2008] - After one year, Noli reemerged. However, instead of causing chaos and destruction, he influenced hundreds of players to join his religious cult, with the use of the Void Star. This group came to be the Void Cult, who followed Noli and his teachings. Shortly after the creation of this cult, Noli vanished once again.

[5/16/2010] - Noli revives his original account, but that came with a few strange changes. An example of said change would be his avatar picture and last seen date would all be question marks - which was a side effect of the exploit Noli used. Noli posted “And so darkness descends” on the forums, which caused many Hunters to do everything in their power to remove Noli again. One hunter (name unknown) was able to contact a Roblox moderator and removed traces of Noli, wiping the site clean.

[5/16/2012] - Different cult groups began to stir up chaos in the community, claiming that Noli would return once again, and bring down those who opposed him and the Void Cult. This would happen continuously throughout the years, typically happening on the 16th of each month. The cultists would hold summonings, hoping for their leader to return. The Void Cultists also harbored an extreme hatred against the myth community, believing they were the ones who caused their lord to disappear."

## History
Due to the nature of Noli's account being "non-existent", his creation date is not known and essentially nothing can be told about their account. The history surrounding them can be told however, starting in 2010. The first documented mention of Noli originated on the 26th of February, 2010, when the user "YaleUniversity" uploaded two forum posts, on the "Help" and "Roblox Talk" sub-forums. These posts would explain a website-glitch where the user "noli" would have appear without an avatar or last online data. Attempting to click on the profile would redirect the user to the Roblox homepage[2].

The reactions from this forum post would be vast, with Noli becoming a large talking point shortly after the post. Many would attempt to tie in this Noli mystery into other myths on Roblox, such as 1x1x1x1. This main user to do so was "chowda00", who soon after created the group "Lost Void", one of the first Noli myths, particularly cult myths. This is also where the Void Star connection would appear, as chowda00 at the time wore a Void Star and used that item in the group logo for Lost Void. This particular detail would later be used by Kazdam in his interpretation of the myth. The account "SwAeJuDiNoli" would also be created on the day of the forum post, and would create one of the most popular Noli related games on the platform, "The Tempest".

The response from Roblox, unlike the general community, seems to have been quite few and far between. There are only two confirmed moderator responses on the forum archive, those being a post from "Excelerate" and a comment from "ReeseMcBlox". The post from Excelerate dismissed the Noli mystery as a simple glitch and nothing more[3]. ReeseMcBlox held a similar sentiment, stating there "is no prophecy. But there is also no noli. @_@" in a comment on the original Noli forum post[4]. The forum moderator "saveaseal13" also commented on the situation twice, stating Noli was a deleted account who had no had their data entirely wiped from Roblox, resulting in the strange state of the account[5][6]. It is unknown if saveaseal13 would know this information considering Forum Moderators are not actual Roblox moderators, but it is possible.

Eventually the Noli glitch would be fixed, allegedly by Merely (see Biography for more information). After the initial hype died down about Noli, he would fall out of mainstream attention, and but would become a key-figure in the initial myth community. This would come in the form as multiple myths who either featured Noli as a side-character, or a focal point. Examples of this are Lezus, Bloody Void and Leptes. Lezus in particular would gain a lot of prominence, particularly after his later inclusion of Noli in his myth. Bloody Void would become a smaller myth but would gather their own small community, with community members like TheStormIsComing and voidme33.

After this, the next large development in Noli's history came in 2017, when Kazdam would create his intepretation of the Noli myth. This myth would combine factors from several different Noli stories, in particular the Void Star. This story would soon become the most well-known Noli story, due to the large size of Roblox's Myths, as well as there not being a widely-agreed upon Noli story prior to this. Later on, in 2018, two large Noli related groups would be created, those being The Cole Family and The Void Cult. The Cole Family also introduced the character "banworld". They would manage to convince people that banworld was a real Noli account, primarily through the use of a fake screenshot of SwAeJuDiNoli proclaiming banworld would be their next account.[7] After the retirement of the Cole Family, the Void Cult would continue to grow, being one of the largest Noli groups today.

After this, not much would happen in relation to Noli apart from the creation of smaller Noli related myths, until early 2025. This is when Noli was revealed to be a future playable character in the recently released, extremely risingly popular Roblox game "Forsaken", a Dead by Daylight-like game that uses a number Roblox myths (as well as other classic roblox characters) as some of it's playable characters, these include 1x1x1x1, John Doe, as well as the Roblox exploiter c00lkidd. In this game, Noli acts as a "Killer", who is meant to hunt down the "Survivors". The release of Noli to Forsaken has been heavily anticipated in the community, and has caused a huge resurgence of popularity in Noli as well as Roblox myths in general. This significant increase in popularity prompted other Roblox games such as the popular game "Pressure" to also add Noli into their game. In Pressure, Noli appears to be a character with a somewhat significant place in Pressure's lore, he is said to be the writer of "The Necrobloxicon",[8][9] an item in Pressure with some lore significance that serves as a light source for the player in-game.[10]

## Legacy
Due to when Noli first appeared, he can be considered as one of the first legends on Roblox. He also inspired some of the first ever myths, such as SwAeJuDiNoli, Achluophobia and Lost Void. Many myths would reference or include Noli within their own creations, such as Lezus, while other myths were completely based off of the Noli mythos. The larger examples of this are The Void Cult and The Cole Family, with myths such as ovenmites also existing. Many copycat accounts have also been created based on Noli, with the most popular ones being "Noii", and the "Noli " account, which was created by Kazdam in late 2016 by using a glitch from that time.

Noli has also featured an appearance in and been added to a number of popular Roblox games and media, especially so in recent times, showing Roblox's returning trend of old Roblox and Roblox myths. Some of the most notable games Noli has been added to are "Forsaken" and "Pressure". More or less all games and media that feature Noli have based their designs of Noli on Kazdam's design of Noli, usually featuring a theatre mask of some form. However, some games, such as the previously mentioned Forsaken and Pressure, later acknowledged the bad actions that Kazdam had done and changed their designs of Noli to bear a more distinct look, attempting to seperate Noli from the interpretation Kazdam had created of him.[11][12][13] While many of these games have created their own unique and distinct designs and appearances of Noli, it is evident that all of them bear somewhat of a resemblance to Kazdam's design of Noli, showing how much of an influence Kazdam has had on Noli's image and on the myth community and the Roblox community and it's culture as a whole, arguably even ultimately being the reason that Noli has become as well known and prominent as he is today.

An original song based on Noli was also released in 2025, simply titled "Noli" by the artist '[[Luca]]', which had a theme of a loss of power and control while leading up to the time of getting that power back[14], potentially interpretable as reflective of Noli's resurgence to roblox myth fame.

<!--
**voidstarcrown/voidstarcrown** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
